Creek, creek, creek.
Shall I treat you to dinner tonight?
Xiaoxi, I really like you.
Give me a chance, brook, oops.
Xiaoxi is the first consortium in Lincheng
Miss Xu's Group
Rare your treat
Hello
Stinky girl, what are you disciplining?
You still think
Are you the First Miss Xu Family of Yuancheng First Financial Group?
Hmph, your parents have long been bankrupt and robbed to death
Shanshan
Please show some respect to my parents.
Dare to talk back
At first
If you didn't think your parents could leave you something
Insurance inheritance or something
Who's brain is broken to take in your oil bottle?
I'm going to work, move me out quickly
Finally got hit by a car when he went out
How many times are you late?
Don't want to roll
Sorry, sorry.
Xu Xi
Yo, isn't this our Miss Xu?
God, Xiaoxi, why are you dressed like this?
Are you selling it?
Hey, Xiaoli, didn't you like him very much before?
Make an offer
Excuse me.
You guys play first?
What do you think you are still the same as before?
A high-ranking lady?
Didn't you look down on me before?
Ah, I'll accompany you today, I'll treat you to a drink
You can't finish drinking today, don't you want to leave?
Ah!
Drink fast
Drink it all for me
Dare to hit me and I will kill you